Document MCP client editing and deletion (#7940)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/app-connections/create-oauth-client.md

::::

::::{step} Name the client

> Enter a **Client name** with no more than 128 characters. The name is visible to users during the authorization flow, so use something that clearly identifies the application (for example, `Claude Desktop — Engineering`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter a **Client name**. The name is visible to users during the authorization flow, so use something that clearly identifies the application (for example, `Claude Desktop — Engineering`).
```

::::

::::{step} Select a client logo

> Optionally set a **Client logo** to identify the application in the list. Use **Select logo** to choose from provided options, or select **Upload logo** to use a PNG, JPEG, or GIF of up to 192 KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally set a **Client logo** to identify the application in the list. Use **Select logo** to choose from provided options, or select **Upload logo** to use a custom image.
```

    The ChatGPT callback URL is unique to each app. You must [start the app creation flow first](/deploy-manage/app-connections/connect-mcp-host.md) to get this URL, then return here to add it to your OAuth client.
    :::

> For local clients that need more than one redirect URI, click **Add local URL** to add up to 20 URLs. Each local or remote redirect URI can contain up to 2,048 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local clients that need more than one redirect URI, click **Add local URL** to add additional URLs.
```
